In the Spring MVC course,
I spoke a lot about Spring and how it tied into the MVC framework and
how Spring MVC is a model‑view‑controller framework, but it really is
just dealing with the UI. We didn't tie a database into our
application or anything like that.
The next couple of slides I actually took from the Spring MVC course,
but I'm going to talk about them in a different light.
As I mentioned in the Spring MVC course,
that software architecture has been around a long time,
long since before Spring and Java were around.
Architecture and design patterns give us a way to communicate
what we're trying to do and to also implement some of the best
practices so that we don't keep recreating the same errors or
making the same mistakes.
For us,
having a framework like Spring is all about repurposing these best practices and not having to reinvent the wheel each time.